About us

Fold 1

Most agencies wait for the brief. We BUILD the brief with you.
Because we know — a successful strategy is only half the magic. 
The other half? Killer design that actually speaks.
We are MFA — strategy-first, design-obsessed and anti-mediocrity.

Vision: To be the agency that feels less like a vendor and more like your in-house superpower
Mission: To solve problems creatively and consistently; whether it's a design problem or a full-blown existential crisis (for your brand, of course)


Fold 2 - Brand origin story

We Decided to Flip the Script

We were working jobs, drinking bad chai and questioning everything; especially the mediocrity around us.
We felt a deep itch to create something better, something that’s ours and something bold. 
Because the truth is, we weren't built to just punch ideas or for that matter the time; we were built to build something right, something great and something different.
And so, somewhere between a career crisis and a caffeine high, My Favourite Agency was born — with rebellion in our blood and design at our core.

Fold 4 - Team bios

The MFA Crew

Prattyush Nag
Title: Founder & Brand Architect
A.K.A: The one who gives your brand a soul (and swagger, if you want some)
Bio: Prattyush creates…ooopppsss…is your brand’s blueprint. He sashays confidently into your brand’s existential crisis and walks out giving it a confident personality. He defines your brand’s voice, position and purpose much before a single pixel is put in place.
Look at it like this; if your brand were a human getting onto Tinder, he’d be the one to give it a face, tone and a killer bio!

Master of: Brand strategy and positioning magic. He tells you ‘what your brand really wants to say.’  
Vibe: Breathes brands, drinks black coffee and asks questions.


Avinash Suvarna
Title: Founder & Design Architect
A.K.A: The one who makes the magic happen (without losing his sanity)
Bio: Once the brand vision is approved and locked, Avinash steps in to bring it to life; with style, with precisions and with a teeny-weeny bit of team chaos control. He leads the visuals, shapes the design language, freezes the vibe and ensures everything from colour to pixel is on point. 
Look at it like this; he’s the bridge between the idea and execution. But he’s also the one who says, ‘yeh accha hai, but can we push it more or make it better?’

Master of: Visual storytelling, creative direction and getting sh*t done!
Vibe: Runs on timelines, teamwork and the right amount of client drama.


Sajjad Jafri
Title: Website Designer Visualizer
A.K.A: The guy who builds sexy websites while you are still writing the brief
Bio: Sajjad turns websites around faster than you can say ‘I want a website for my brand.’ He’s the one who brings ideas and visualization to life, turning them into slick, scrollable and responsive beauties; always aligned with the visual identity and brand vibe. He works hand-in-mouse with Avinash to ensure synchronicity and alignment with all of the brand’s marketing communication.

Master of: Websites that wow and woo, UI that glues you and visuals that vibe.
Vibe: Moves fast, designs faster and always on brand.


Juie Merchant
Title: Content & Copy Lead
A.K.A: The voice behind the brand (and the sass too)
Bio: Everything we design that speaks — starts with Juie. From gossiping to deep dives with clients and dissecting the brand DNA, Juie crafts a copy that feels just right. Every angle of the copy; tone, voice and messaging — crafted with precision. It uncannily feels like your brand’s inner voice has just connected to Wi-Fi.

Master of: Brand voice & bold headlines. Clean copy with purpose and punch.
Vibe: Deep thinker, passionate writer and your favourite strategist.
